ALL CHARACTERS AND EVENTS
DEPICTED IN THIS DRAMA ARE FICTITIOUS
EPISODE 4
But this is…
Your sister gave it to you.
I think I can only leave…
without worrying about you
when I know you're wearing it.
But you need to wear it to stay safe.
I'm not the one being chased.
Just keep it.
It's the only thing I can give you.
Lim Soo-ho…
What's taking them so long?
They're going to miss him.
Damn it.
Gwang-tae, don't tell me
you called the cops.
If you know who he really is--
If he gets caught, I'll be arrested too!
Why will you be arrested?
You have nothing to do with him.
My roommates
have been hiding him.
He came into our room,
so we've been hiding him.
Darn it.
You traitor!
Yeong-ro!
Gwang-tae saw him!
Hurry up. Go now!